So the Miserium is just...
gone?!
It's pretty touching, though.
How they put aside
their differences?
You got to be more positive!
There's got to be
something else
we can use at the school
that has more power.
You hold that thought.
It appears we
have a visitor.
Oh...
Yes!
♪ Hail ♪ Hail♪
♪ What's the matter
with your head? ♪
♪ Hail
♪ Hail ♪ Hail♪
♪ What's the matter
with your mind ♪
♪ And your sign and-a,
oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ You look so divine
♪ Come and get your love
♪ Come and get
your love ♪
♪ Come and get your love
♪ Hail ♪ Hail♪
♪ What's the matter
with you feel right ♪
♪ Don't you feel right, baby?
♪ Hail ♪ Hail♪
♪ Get it from the main vine
♪ All right
♪ I said find it, find it
♪ Go on and love it
if you like it, yeah ♪
♪ Come and get your love
♪ Come and get
your love ♪
♪ Come and get your love
♪ Come and get
your love. ♪
Fly, fly.
Fly.
Try flapping
your arms.
Superman doesn't flap his arms.
Well, Superman's an alien,
you're a bird.
Yeah, well, you didn't
know you were a fairy
until yesterday.
Don't be smug.
Look, I know I'm just
your stand-in friend
until Rafael gets back.
What?
But why is this
so important to you?
So what if you can't fly?
No one here flies.
Look, I... I believed in you.
Can you be the one person here
who believes in me?
All right.
Hey, do you know
how to get a key
to the roof of the school?
Well, I am the student
security supervisor.
Of course you are.
Well... can you get it?
I think I just need to
start with more height.
You know?
Thanks, man.
You got to be kidding me.
DORIAN:
Cancel your flight.
Please? I can't run
this place alone.
Caroline needs me with her
whilst we figure out
how to get Alaric
and the girls back.
Caroline can call Bonnie.
I need you here more.
You and I together in the same
place is not a good idea.
Strictly professional.
I need your brain.
Listen.
"The sins of the father
will be visited upon
the daughters here
and not here."
That's a piece
of the Sphinx's prophecy.
He's talking about
the prison world.
Maybe not.
Prophecies are like
horoscopes-- purposely vague
so you can apply them
to almost anything.
"A new hero rises...
but can be felled
by the golden arrow?"
That isn't sounding
that vague to me.
Then I suppose
you'll just have to keep
any new heroes from rising
until I return.
See, the thing about
foretelling the future is,
it can wait.
I would feel so much better
if you were here with me.
I'm sorry.
But I have to go.
Or maybe I can catch
the next flight.
Enough with the
illusion spells, Alyssa.
Tell me where
the ascendant is.
Why isn't my truth spell
working?
Hmm, I guess that anti-charm
potion I took is working.
It is.
Too bad-- you could use
a little charm.
Enough with the
games, Alyssa.
Help me bring
the Saltzmans back.
Why, so you can be the hero
and save the day?
This isn't about you, Hope.
Though, if I knew
how annoying you'd be,
I would have sent you away, too.
How's this?
You tell me
where the real ascendant
is, and I won't
pluck your eyelash extensions
out one by one.
Sorry, but
I don't negotiate
with basic witches.
So, I'm never telling you
where the ascendant is.
Namaste.
♪ Hey, little voodoo child
♪ You got me running wild
♪ You make me feel alive
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh...♪
I really don't get why
you run when we can vamp.
The fresh air helps me
clear my head
and be alone
with my thoughts.
Or not.
I wanted to talk
to you about Kym.
She's, uh...
uh, doing great
as the library intern.
Everyone loves her.
"Everyone"?
Yeah.
And you already know
how I feel about her, so
I hope it won't come
off as too much
of a surprise
if I tell you
I want to ask her out.
No, I'm not surprised.
Disappointed but...
not surprised.
Come on, man,
don't be like that.
I really like her.
And I'm serious about
giving this a shot.
You know me.
I'll do right by her.
So...
I was hoping you could
give me some advice
on putting together the
flyest first date ever
with everything
that she loves.
So... what-what does she love?
You know what, MG?
Who am I to stand in your way?
Uh...
Kym loves pool parties,
chocolate-covered
strawberries,
and, uh, frosé.
Thanks, man.
I owe you one.
Yeah, then let that favor be you
running
in the opposite direction.
Fitness time is me time.
LANDON:
Phoenix powers,
activate!
Damn, kid, get off of me!
Not so fast!
Ow, my wing!
You idiot!
No, no, don't-don't shoot!
Who the hell are you?
Really?
You monsters.
You have no idea
how long it took me
to grow those.
Well, next time it'll be
something that won't grow back,
unless you tell us
why you're here.
Do you serve Malivore?
Or someone else?
I serve the highest
power of all-- love.
Where were you trying
to take my boyfriend?
That guy's your boyfriend?
Uh, I wasn't
trying to take
him anywhere.
He started it.
Hey-- no, he... he
was flying around,
shooting people...
Yeah, with love arrows--
they're harmless!
Check the quiver-- every
arrow in there only helps
people express the
love they already
feel inside.
Most people say thank you.
Why didn't you come get me?
Oh, I-I-I knew you
were busy with Alyssa.
I was just trying to help.
A hero the likes of which
I haven't seen since Hercules.
Would you just stay
out of it, please?
Love to, thanks.
You're not going
anywhere.
That's a barrier spell.
Think of it
like a force field.
Your girlfriend's
kind of impressive.
You're lucky that I
found you when I did.
Wade said that you were
outside, trying to fly?
Yeah.
It seemed more reasonable
than it sounds
coming out of your mouth.
Look, I know that
you wanted to help.
But if you keep trying
to be the hero,
one day I'm gonna have
to choose between saving you
and stopping something
terrible from happening.
And I don't want to think
about what that day looks like.
What does this say?
Uh, "puppy love."
Well, that's
the modern translation.
In Greek it's more like...
Don't care.
What about this one?
"Self love."
I call it the Narcissus.
Still want to help?Absolutely.
Okay, think you can handle
the Cupid problem?
Hey, hey.
What Cupid problem?
HOPE:
Exactly.
Just watch him
till I get back, okay?
And if you want
to prove that
you mean us no harm--
what's the strongest one
of those you've got,
to melt the coldest,
bitchiest heart?
Don't tell me you've had
a change of heart.
No, but you're about to.
Hope, wait...
Can I tell you
a secret?
I have a crush.
On who?
Hey, I'm sure you look great,
no need to stress.
I have an amazing pool day
planned for us.
I'm not stressing
about my outfit.
I know I look good.
It's just that
I have this thing
with pools.
Kaleb pushed me in the deep end
at the neighborhood pool
when I was,
like, ten.
The lifeguard
saved me, but
I've had a phobia ever since.
So I've been sitting
in here, trying to
gather my nerves.
How do you feel about
chocolate-covered strawberries?
I'm allergic to both.
Why?
And frosé?
I guess there's a first time
for everything.
HOPE:
Kym. Hi.
Just the girl I
was looking for.
I-I need your help
with some research
on a new
monster-- Cupid?
Oh, my God. Cupid?
Also known as Eros,
depending on if you prefer
the Roman or Greek mythology.
You know what?
I'll compile both.
Uh, rain check, MG?
Um...
O-Okay.
What the hell was that, Hope?
I had a whole date set up.
Date? That-That's perfect.
Okay, I need your help.
With Cupid?
Worse.
♪ You ask me questions
♪ Like just being born
♪ And I told you twice now
♪ If we go toward
♪ It's not my problem
♪ You're gonna see my stripes
♪ I won't flinch,
I won't flinch ♪
♪ I won't flinch...
Hi.
Looking for something to
fix your relationship woes?
I don't have
relationship woes.
You're talking
to the god of love, bro.
Come on.
We're both stuck here; the least
you could do is entertain me.
Okay.
You're a god.
Were you ever in love
with a mortal?
Like-like someone
way weaker than you?
Nah, I try not to mix
business with pleasure.
Well, that's me and Hope.
She kind of wears the pants
in our relationship.
Oh. Have you tried
both not wearing pants?
It's very freeing.
Okay, okay,
all right, look.
I'm listening.
♪ I took you out
at the start of the week... ♪
Scoot over.
I'll show you how to ride.
I-I'm so sorry, uh, but
it's only safe for one person
at a time,
but you look thirsty,
uh, for frosé,
I mean.
♪ All my friends...
I would love a glass, thank you.
Yeah, no, go help yourself.
♪ Falling, falling
♪ All my friends are falling
♪ In love, all my friends...
Hope, Alyssa Chang
is horny as hell,
and I don't like it.
Stop messing with your ear,
I'm getting feedback.
I can't help it. This
enchantment itches like crazy.
The faster that you can seduce
Alyssa into telling you where
the ascendant is, the faster
that you can get out of there.
That's why I'm here to help.
Looks like she's
really into French Bulldogs--
now talk about that.
How am I supposed to just
bring that up, Hope?
These strawberries
are to die for. Delicious.
Almost
as delicious as French Bulldogs.
Not like that.
Okay, you know what, maybe
I'm good without the backup.
You're messing up my game.
No, as long as you don't mess up
the game of saving
the Saltzmans' lives.
Hello? MG?
What'd you say?
Um, how about we play a game?
Like Marco Polo?
I was thinking
something more like
if I had
a special object that I needed
to hide somewhere,
where should I put it?
Hmm... that's lame.
But why don't I show you how
long I can hold my breath for?
Well, that's weird.
I don't think we should...
♪ Won't let them take you
away from me... ♪
Hold on.
♪ Take you away from me.
Alyssa. Alyssa, wait.
She's just so...
incredible,
and I'm so me.
Yeah.
I get that.
And I know I may never be
as-as powerful as she is,
but I just, I just
wish she wouldn't
treat me like
some fragile object,
always on the verge
of breaking.
I want her to look at me
the same way I look at her.
Yeah,
the red feathers.
That's the one
you're looking for.
Hero worship.
No. I want
what she feels for me
to be real.Hey, hey,
my-my arrows are
the real deal, kid.
Okay, I just mean
I want to earn it.
Uh, s-sorry, bud,
I got to fly.
Does this force field
have ceilings?
No?
Two can play at that game.
Damn it.
Thank you all for coming.
I hereby bring this meeting
of the Super Squad to order.
Now, I know
what you're thinking--
we're not heroes,
and you're right, but
I believe that
we can join together
and equal one
relatively capable hero.
Is this supposed
to be motivational
or...?
Shh.
It's time us to step up.
Show our
non-believing peers
and our mysteriously absent
authority figures
who we really are
by charging headfirst
into our destiny.
And today
our destiny
is getting Cupid back
before Hope finds out
that I lost him.
Yeah.
All that, but my destiny
is somewhere else.
And I got to go find her.
Okay. Uh, that's fine,
but the rest of us are still in,
right? Wade? Pedro?
Yeah, you believed in me,
so I can believe in you.
As long as we're back
before snack time.
Oh, obviously. Um, and... you?
Druscilla?
Right. Can you do a locator
spell with those wings?
Sure.
Can I keep them after?
Um...
All yours.
Now we just need to find Cupid
wherever he's making
bridesmaids
wear 27 dresses
or making jocks fall in love
with nerdy girls.
KALEB:
Oh, my bad, I was, um,
I was looking for the-the
Super Squad meeting.
Then look no further.
That's us.
Oh. Oh, damn. Um, okay.
Uh, well, I got
Kym's research right here,
so y'all ready to roll?
Yeah.
I call shotgun!
♪ You know you gotta
♪ Go get some...
No one's ever set up
such an amazing
first date for me before.
I can't imagine what you have
planned for our second.
Is that your foot?
No.
Let me get you more frosé.
♪ Go get you some...
Oh, my God!Oops.
My top came undone.
Alyssa, wait.
This is ridiculous.
You're under the influence.Yeah, of you.
Listen,
I think you got
bangin'... uh, uh, self-esteem,
and you're super smart
and, yeah,
sometimes a little scary,
but the real reason
I did all this
was to get you to tell me
where the ascendant is.
♪ Go get some
♪ Go get you some...
You know, I've always admired
your honesty, Milton.
So if that's what you want,
I'll take you to the ascendant.
♪ Go get some, go get some
♪ Go get you some.
♪ The funk master, blaster,
the funk master ♪
♪ The funk master,
blaster, blaster... ♪
♪ The funk master
♪ Wiggy, wiggy,
w-wack-wack, w-w-w... ♪
w-wack-wack, w-wack ♪
♪ Wiggy, wiggy
♪ Wiggy, wiggy,
w-wack-wack, w-w-w... ♪
♪ Wiggy, wiggy, w-wack-wack,
w-wack ♪
♪ Wig, wack, wack, wiggy,
the funk... ♪
Are we sure Cupid's here?
Mystic Falls
Lonely Hearts Club.
Starts in an hour.
Looks like we're right on time.
♪ Funk master,
bla-bla-bla-bla-blast ♪
♪ The funk master
♪ Bla-Bla-Bla-Blaster
♪ Blaster
♪ Wa-Wack...
What are we waiting for?
You.
Yeah.
Okay, look,
I'll respect it this one time,
but you can't be calling
shotgun times infinity.KALEB:
Come on.
That's too many times.Get over it.
Hey, baby wings.
Oh. Oh, damn.
Want a bite?
Oh, c-come on, Wade. Man...
WOMAN:
Love isn't a fairy tale.
Love is a serious commitment,
a powerful bond.
A declaration of souls uniting,
and today it is...
Emma Tig.And Dorian Williams.
...whose souls are uniting
in matrimony.
Should anyone present
know of any reason
why this couple
should not be wedded,
speak now...
JED:
I object.
Jed.
No.
What are you doing here?
I love you, Ms. Tig.
No one's ever understood me
like you do.
So don't marry
Mr. Williams.
Marry me instead.
Make me the happiest wolf
in the pack.
Oh, God.
Come on, Landon. The book says
we only have to shoot him
with one of his arrows
to take him out.
I'm trying, okay?
Okay.
Come on, just one.
Blind love.
One of my best.
Makes lovers' hearts nice
and plump for the picking.
Delicious.
Guys.What, Wade?
I can't see.
CUPID:
Nice try.
Come on!
Do another.
Hope.
Uh-oh. Fun's over.
Uh, we were-- I was just, um...
Just trying to help?
KALEB:
Look, Cupid's arrows
are his weakness,
so we were just trying to... Exsurgo.
No fair.
KALEB:
Okay.
Hope. Hope, wait.We will talk about this later.
Wade, you still
can't see anything?
Yeah, it's-it's that arrow.I thought the research
said that that the magic would
wear off after we killed him.
Uh, about that.
Looks like Cupid flew the coop.
ALYSSA:
Phesmatos oculacs.
Thanks, Alyssa.
You're amazing.
It's Lizzie Saltzman,
isn't it?
Hmm?
The other woman
that's in the way of you and me.
Uh, no, I'm over Lizzie.
But you chased
after her for years,
even when I was here all along.
Weren't you just with Jed?
He's a booty howl.
But you-- you're the kind
of guy a girl
could settle down with forever.
Uh, th-that's just
my natural vampire smolder.
I'll tone that down.Or don't.
Uh...
Uh, I'm into somebody new.
Well, that's convenient.
Who?
Some slutty werewolf in Canada?
I don't like
being lied to.
No, it's Kym.
The intern?
And she has nothing to
do with the ascendant.
So,
it was never gonna be me?
I'm sorry, Alyssa.
But can we still be friends?
No, thanks.
I don't have friends.
WADE:
Are you sure the research said
that Cupid's weakness
was his arrows?
Look, Kym said it was
basically the one constant
across every version
of the Cupid mythos.
Well, it wouldn't be
the first time the legends
got something wrong, though.
What if we got
the monster wrong?
Didn't Cupid have siblings?
The Erotes.
Each representing a different
type of love and attraction.
Each one
with a different weakness.
Oh, God.
Gods. Plural. Seven of them.
Okay.
Okay, I guess we got to...
Come on.
What happened?
I-I-I tried to
stick to the plan,
but once you were gone...
This is why I do
everything myself.
Except it wasn't you
making out with her.
And it wasn't you
manipulating her.
But it doesn't matter.
Alyssa-- she-she went insane.
She's not just
in love with me,
it's like she was obsessed.
That's the arrow that Cupid gave
me to use on her. Obsession.
Like boiling-bunnies,
burn-your-house-down obsession?
That's not
romance, Hope.
That's a whole different
movie genre.
I just-- I grabbed
the strongest one I could find.
Then I guess we both messed up.
I told Alyssa
that I'm into Kym.
Go. I'll take care of this.
Hey.
I'll never get used to that.
Hey! Pack it up!
What's wrong?Clear out! Let's go!
Let's get out of here.
What's wrong?Your boy Cupid wasn't
so angelic after all.
Dude's got a bloodlust that
even I can't compete with.
Okay? We got to get out of here.
Kym. Sweet,
you're okay.
I'll explain later, but I
got to get you out of here.
Oh, she's not going
anywhere with you.
I saw you on that date.
The date that you ruined?Ruined?
It didn't look so ruined with
you vamping your tongue down
Alyssa Chang's throat.
What?
That is not how it happened.
That was a part of an
incredibly poorly-thought-out
but well-intentioned plan.
KALEB:
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, you see this?
This is exactly why
I didn't want you two dating.
We can talk about this later,
but right now
we got to jet, man. Come on.
Morabor.
Sorry.
This is between us girls.
I thought I killed you.
No, you thought
you killed Cupid.
But I am
his taller, hotter, cooler,
older brother Pothos.
Can't imagine
that Burning Love arrow
feels too good, does it?
It burns you from the inside out
until your whole body
is reduced to ash.
Save for your juicy,
delicious heart.
LANDON:
Hey!
Eat me instead.
POTHOS:
A weak
loser heart
or badass witch heart
tenderized by one of my arrows?
I'm good, thanks.
How about now?
Can we talk about this
like the mature women we are?
Okay, let's talk.
Do you know how long
I've waited for MG
to pay attention to me?
And then you show up and
sweep him off his feet?
A human?
Like, have standards, MG.
Shoot your shot, then. MG's
apparently open for business.
We've never even been on a date.
Our date was amazing.
Until he said that
he doesn't want me.
He wants you.
So, if I can't
have him,
no one can.
It was fun while it lasted.
Kaleb.
Kym, you all right?
Okay, it's okay.
You got her.
Epic love arrow.
You brought out
the big guns.That's right.
Well, you've never eaten
a heart as full of love
as mine is for her.
Is that why you were unloading
all your relationship problems
on me?
That stuff I said
doesn't matter.
The love that Hope and I have
for each other is more than
I ever dreamed of finding
in my lifetime.
More than I even thought
was possible.
The only problem
with our relationship
is that I have no idea why
she picked a guy like me
in the first place.
POTHOS:
That's just
my arrow talking.
Is it?
I don't really feel
the difference.
I already love Hope Mikaelson
with all my heart.
I don't want to
live without her.
So if you're going to kill her,
you need to kill me, too.
POTHOS:
If you insist.
Landon, no!
Don't worry.
You're next.
Your boyfriend's smarter
than he looks.
Hey.
Hey.Hope.
Hi.You're okay.
It worked.
Yeah, your plan to get your
heart eaten in front of me?
Yeah, it worked.
What did you do?
After you left the bar,
we figured out
that wasn't actually Cupid.
It was one
of the other gods of love.
Yeah, you know, I learned
that the hard way
when Pothos
introduced himself to me.
Oh. You were one step
ahead of us, then.
We just knew that they each had
a different weakness, so I ate
sheep's brain, um, hemlock,
molten silver,
yew bark,
red wine and...
devil's ivy,
a toxic plant
otherwise known as...
pothos.
Guess that was the one.
You did all that to save me?
I'd do it again
and again and again...
Okay, show-off.
You, uh, should clean up.
Not so fast.
♪ Sit in the kitchen
and talkin' for hours ♪
♪ You always show up
at the perfect time ♪
♪ There's no one born
with X-ray eyes ♪
♪ There's no way to know
what's on my mind ♪
♪ But you always say
♪ The words that save my life
♪ I've got friends
♪ That will run through walls
♪ That will fly
♪ Once called...
Hey.
Oh, I was looking
for you earlier.
Um, I wanted to say
I'm really sorry
about Alyssa.
It's not your fault.
You were just trying
to save your friends.
But...
I almost got sliced in half...
by a witch today.
And Cupid turned out
to be some...
heart-eating asshat.
Welcome to the Salvatore School.
About that.
This school is amazing.
And I'm so glad that
you and my brother
get to have a
place like this.
But today scared me.
♪ Run through walls...
You're leaving, aren't you?
♪ I've got friends
that will fly ♪
♪ Once called, yeah
♪ When I've nowhere left...
Mm-hmm.
I hate it
when my brother's right.
Me, too.
♪ Through walls
♪ Ooh...
♪ Yeah...
Whenever I'm in Atlanta,
could I...
could I call you?
I'll be waiting
by the magic mirror.
♪ And I need my heroes
♪ I've got friends
that will run ♪
♪ Through walls
♪ I've got friends
♪ That will run
♪ Through walls
♪ And I've got
♪ Friends that don't text
♪ They call
♪ When I've nowhere left to go
♪ And I need you the most
♪ I've got friends
that will run ♪
♪ Through walls.
Ham?
I hate ham.
You are not
helping yourself here.
But you could...
if you had a way
to bring the Saltzmans back.
Honestly...
I don't know how.
Oh. Okay.
Um...
then I guess I'd get comfy here.
At least for
the time being.
Oh. One last thing.
Uh...
MG is not into you.
And you trying
to get with him
almost got my sister
killed today.
So find yourself a new crush.
I'll get right on that.
Yeah.
Hey.
I should probably schedule a
session with Jed about this.
So...
are we married or not?
You know, I always thought
Ric would be my best man.
We're going to get him back.
Yeah.
The Cupid thing just...
got us all a little...Distracted.
Exactly.You know, was that
the outcome,
or was that his intention?
Thank Queen Mab, you're here.What's wrong?
Well, with you and Mr.
Williams off campus,
and as student
security supervisor,
I was notified of a breach
in the protection spell
surrounding the school...
Someone broke
into the weapons armory.
What did they take?
Junk.
Junk!
Junk! Why'd we waste our time
stealing all this junk
again, Chad?
Chad?
What took you so long?
I had to wait until
they buried him.
Then I had to
dig him up.Excuses.
Always excuses!
Just put him
with the Sphinx.
CHAD:
Hey.
Isn't that
that thing
Pothos said he wanted
in exchange
for distracting
the Salvatore kids?
The Golden Arrow.
Good job, Chad.
Yeah.
Don't touch it.
LANDON:
Hey.
Am I interrupting something?
Just me, um,
trying and failing to find a way
to bring the Saltzmans back.
Look, I know I've...
been reluctant
to let you step up.
But obviously
you can handle yourself.
Besides, I don't have
all the answers either.
Hey.
Don't worry.
We won't give up until we
find a way to get 'em back.
Did you mean what you said
about not knowing
why I picked you?
Oh, uh...
I-I mean...
Maybe.
Sometimes.
What is this?
Oh, just... read it.
I wrote it when I got back.
"He's so patient...
"and trusting and kind,
and a thousand other things
I never was."
"So, if all I ever have
is the memory
"of the way he loved me,
then I will
survive this."
♪ You're my heavenly rest
♪ So, if you call
♪ In the night
♪ If you cry
♪ Cry
♪ If you call...
Landon.
Holy smokes!
♪ I will fly
♪ Fly
Don't let me go.
♪ To your side...
Never.